Why are we here?
    This group came together to make a text adventure, where the user can wander around, go to villages and fight in dungeons.
Elevator pitch.
    For: for the user to have fun and burn some time. 
    who: this is the person that enjoys playing D&D like games 
    the: ASCII-Adventurer
    is a: ASCII-Adventurer is for the person that like wounding around open world and doing task
    that: this is a great way to spend your night after a long day at work. 
Design a product box.
    
Create a NOT list.
    We don't want the game so hard that the user is not having fun. We do not want the game so long that the user loses and doesn't want to play it any more.
Meet your neighbors
  the group is doing great at the size that it is now
      Caden: is the backend programmer that is making new files and new functions in the game.
      Albert: is the front end program making sure the game is playable and that the user stays in the game
      Gri: is the filler, he is a great all around person that picks up the slack that the others don't see
  This is why we do not need to make the group bigger than it needs to be. 
Show the solution.
    The high end of the game is that the user will be able to wonder around the open world triggering traps. 
    Go into villages, where the user can go to the church, rest at the hotel, and get things from the shop. 
    Finally the user will be able to go into dungeons where they fight things, get keys to open the door for the boss. 
Ask what keeps us up at night.
	Something that we are all worried about is that the user is not going to know what is going on whenever they play the game. 
  Something that is helping this is that we are doing a lot of user testing on a lot of different people. 
  This is something that is helping the group change the game to make sure the user stays in the game for the long time. 
Size it up.
	This is a game that has a lot going on, at the time being we have about five different things going on. 
Be clear on what’s going to give.
	Something that we might not be able to do is make this game fun for everyone, this is something that is hard because this game reaches a small group of people. 
Show what it’s going to take.
	The due date is going to be Dec 1, 2024 and there is no way to change that. So the game needs to be done by that time, because there is no change on this due date. We might need to let something go to make sure that the game is running smoothly. 
	
